So I could just put up some queries on the data see what models win overall. How many results are there for the two options. Filter out all these fields. Remove the tests and tom accounts. Maybe the empty as well. There was just this one which was empty. Also the last one is empty, but just some are. There was an email. I could check for emails. There is just one without. 

So what to do. Now I got all this data, I need to get the highlights working as well. I can just count the overlappingness of the stories. For each of the data items I need to find the right story. Then I need to put the highlights in. I also need to find out for the duplicate things. It is just so anoying that I done this like so, now I have to regex through all of this. Most I do not know what they meant. I could check the number of multiple options and then just decide for myself. Maybe I could change everything into the format that I want. 

That would be much better. But I need to work that out then. I could just do so. I need to figure the things out. I need to caption the whole list of images. I have to do this by myself. I have to get the head up and running so it need to be working. The people just say things. So then I have to make it all working. I could work this out then. How to do so. 

Then you have these lists of highlights. Just split that up into each part. For that you are going to regex the text. So I need to find the text in the dataset. Where is that. This is just the list that is there for the survey. I can get that strait from the repository. Then I have that list. You look up the image. Then see the model. Then get the question. And there is the answer. There you have the text. I can use the read up look up thing script that works. Then you can do the look up like you did on the captioning script. I need to figure this out. There are just too many of these data formats. You have to get used to this to use it. It takes so much time. My head cannot form this into existence. You need to be good at this. You need to be faster then any other being. 

It is all about finding that path that suits you. That spirit that you want to be. You can just decide between a lot of things that you can do. Some positions are reachable. Some are there to be reached. Some are just out of sight. That is just how it is. You can hope that some roads might be reachable after all. 

It used to be about feeling. Now I'm not sure any more. Also I might be stuck in this habit of having too many girls around me. That I will not be satisfied when I'm not. So I can never have one girl. Then I will be sad. 

I just have to work out this data format. So that was there. I can get the read script. Then I need to look that up. There is too much data here. I needed to orginise everything. That would have been much better. I just needed to have better insight about what the general tasks are of the scripts. Then have that devided over multiple repositories. 

So I have captioning. I have modeling. I have the survey. The results of the survey. The results of the captioning. Those should all be interfaces. Also there are scripts to process that. 

There are so many small scripts that are just there to do one bit in the pipeline of processing. 

I just needed to work this out faster. I need to create something that is great and that is worthy of something. Something that the people like. I guess. Somehow. How to get through all these thoughts. Should I be deciding this all for myself. Just do not worry about it. There are many discussions in my head that are very strong and I cannot work throught them. There is too much power going on. That is just where I cannot decide anything. I do not get that choice. The parents decide. They have the power somehow. I cannot think about what I want. I do not get the chance to do so. They will say I got all the chances, but whenever there is the time that I want to do so, there they are with all their opinions that I should do so and so. Or they just look down on my opinion. Say it is worthless and will not work out. 

I just see now way. I just have not much spirit. There is no one who likes me. That is just so harsh. Even the fattest of fattest people get the hottest girls. Our famili just does not. It is not meant to be for us. We cannot do this. We never could. We just needed to know that. 

So I could evaluate all more the results from the survey. So there is not that much diplicate data. I could just put them seperately in the results. Put them just in that interface. That can have the highlight thing on. Then I can also go for the votes as well. Put them on them where they won. But that need then to be seperately in the list. Maybe just add a number on the top. But that data also must be like, this never won or just once. That is probably the best I can get. 

So then I need to do more. All the statistics do not really work, because on half of the data this whole matchup thing is missing. Then might be the problem with me. I just do not match up, with anyone. I just cannot do this any more. I do not know how to keep the vibe up. All I can do is just do all those things that I wanted to do. But this also involves all the things where i just need touch, sex and all that. So this will be all wrong and also many other people do this. But it is just hotter to really do someone. But this is just something that is not really working out for me. I do not get how that will ever work out for me. I can pretent to do all the cool stuff, but this is what I have done all year. There was just no one. 

I might have had on my mind that I did not want any one. It might just be that feeling that no one really wants me. I don't want to feel that. Makes my head really ugly. I cannot feel that. It is just so trapped inside the feelings that have been endrained throughout my life. I cannot really get out of that path. There are no ways. 

I just could create something that is really fancy. That would be nice. Artworks and special though streams. Just research the whole database of thoughts. You can do that life that no one did. But that is just because no one can do this. There are no options. People sometimes just have no options to get there. There is no money. There is no job opertunity. There might be, but the time is not there to find it. The search engines are not that good. They keep you bored, because all the stories they write are not that fancy. They do not explain the job. It might just be, because you are the new one that you just get the shittiest job in the company. 

I just want to do research. I want to create something. Experiment with games or something. Just do more things. I need to create something magnificent. But there need to be this feeling that I can do it. Or just that I have to work for it for really long. I can do this. I have done this study hard core to the bones. And done everything wrong and no one wants me but a not so hot girl. I just do not really like it. I cannot say this. 

I just wanted a hot girl, but I look too sad, desperate. I cannot move that hot. I cannot be dominant. Maybe with this whole ai talk, but there are not that many people that fancy this. I suppose. I do not know. 

I cannot really figure this out. There are so beautiful girls that I like, but I cannot really say so or get to them. I cannot talk to them. Then they are gone. There are just too many and then I keep overthinking it. They are in the groups where I want to stay and then I just cannot make any move. 

I just want to swim with them, but it is too cold outside. It might be much better weather again next week. 

How to create this fancy pants things. Where to go with this. What kind of people do I need. Do I need to over think this in many days. Just keep thinking on every detail and keep doing that at all the times. 

It is just that the task need to be good. There need to be some result that is amazing. Something that gets me going. Just something that makes me feel good about what I'm doing. 

But I just feel more and more that there is just so little in the world that makes sense. People do not really like me. They just walk away. They look away, fade away, block me, do not talk to me, just do not respond. I just feel worse and worse and then I go deperate. I see not this working out. It really does not matter what I do. They do not like ai, sometimes they do. But the people I like do not like it that much. It is not enough. I cannot make anything inspiring. I cannot do the projects, because there is too much resistence. 

I just want to make that ai art generator that is not style stealing. That is just working by itself. That is just creating generative worlds. Top down game landscapes. That work with collision and everything. I just want to do that as a phd. In utrecht maybe. I might feel better there. But then the dance is gone. I just cannot work this out in any moment in time. There are too many complexities. I can write and write about it for hours on time. 

How to work this out. Last time I just had this moment where I felt it. It was just this big fear of ending up as some kind of whore without money. 

Now I cannot do this hardcore ai things for buisnesses making administrations. Task lists for people orginisation. Automized talk systems. That is just nothing. It's empty. There is no feeling. There is information and all the people know it. 

I do like this festivals but they might be not appealing enough. There is not enough money in it. Only the cool artist talk to eachother. They do not really come to you. You are the lonely guest, that has to find friends on the spot, since I have no friends. I might call them this, but really they I do know. They don't even know where I live. 

I just need to get more going on the creativity. I guess it is really good to respond to these resedencies. That keeps me thinking about what I want to create. What does the world need. What is not out there yet. What gets me going. Where do I get my drive. What can I talk on with people. What do people thing is the hot stuff of today. 

All this digital world. That is the whole experience. But I just want all the real things. I want all the super amazing dream style landscape and housings. All the dream experiences in the real world. All the amazing landparks. Just that stuff that everyone dreams about. That you only see in the movies. Those cities that look like they got the vibe, That style that every part of it is so well designed and though through. You can view it from any angle and you feel like your in the movies. 

There is too much coffee. Talking about fast things. Things move too fast. You need to vibe with yourself. You need to find that landscape within yourself. Without that there is anything exterior. There must be the experience that is not the experience. That which is not dependent on anything. That style or vibe you must have all the time. Be that boringness. But with out that even. There is nothing special. It is not about anything. There are no needs or wants. Just 

So I can be writing on this for hours and hours to just orginise the maps, but this just need to be done before the ending. I might just first have to rewrite the bits of the report. Just do one bit each day. Get into the habit of doing this. Better formulation, no more abstract talking without doing. 

But for now I cannot really do this. I have no internet, so I cannot access the report. I can talk on it in general. I have done this so many times. How do I keep this interesting. These words are just not fitting. They are overused. I should be reading books or something. I could continue reading the articles. I did not download those. I hardly read into all the complexes. That is just too much. The whole algorithm. That is just too much to learn. 

Although it's very basic, but I cannot write it down any more. You can never fit the whole into your mind at once. You can only see bits, and see that you can describe it right. See how the people react when you explain it. 

The whole report is to explain it to people that have some basic understanding about ai, neural networks. 

They do not understand all these composition talks. They are very basic, so I can just explain them in my own words. But I find it just too boring. I cannot do this any more. I find there is no interest. What is the use. I know it looks cool, but really I did not use it myself much. It seems just cool to think about it. Creating systems that can do this fancy stuff. 

It just seems so powerful to people that do art by hand. All the things that people have found out over time are then put into the system that can suddenly do them all automatically. They do not have to learn. Although it just takes about the same time for a whole team to create that system and build the understanding into it. You have to know what you are doing, so you have to do it yourself at least to a certain depth of understanding. Then it can be automized over all directions. But that is the same with artist. Though they have the process of doing it, and that takes time. The computer can calculate large datasets of data. Render full cities and landscapes. Though I feel it is barely getting there. There is much resistance among the artists that see their work stolen and taken away from them. 

What is then interesting about this system. I just have to explain everything in detail. Just up to such a point that it is a clear story. Use concepts and guidelines that people can relate to. 

Neurons in the brain. They all calculate on piece of the puzzle. It bundels together patterns. It is stored in a complex system. Everything is stored at once in this system. One big ewuation that can calculate all the answers to the problems. It can categorize. That is all that it does. So it predict's actually. Values or classes. Words, labels, values. That is all. Just a whole lot of neurons, the parameters. That form the equation. Then this equation must be optimized to give the most accurate answers. You train it with the training data. There you have all the input output pairs. You put something into the quation and somethin comes out. You give it examples of these input output pairs. Then the parameters of the euqation of optimized to give answers like this input output pairs. 

This optimization is done by calculating the derivative of the equation in repect to each of the parameters of the system. So every parameter is tuned to give the answer close to the input output pair. The derivative defines how the function changes when you change the parameter. So the slope of this function states when you change the parameter in a direction, whether the function gives an answer closer to the example output or farther away. Then you know in which direction you need to tune it. Also you know the amplitude how much you need to tune it. 

Now you have this equation that will give predictions on what the output must be when you give it an input. 

Now you want to create a system that creates images. The input is a text. And it must predict what this looks like in an image. 

So what do I do now. I got the new captions running. To my understanding, I guess I implemented the functionality that it skips all the captions that it already has done. So this is also a test whether that works. I can see how long it takes, to see whether this works or not. I surely hope so. I can only find out by the time it runs. Whether the inputs are going fast. I don't think I do any printing on what it skips, or what it is doing. Not really sure, but pretty sure. 

Now then I got the new questions. I can do the new models. I have to remove all things from the projects folder. I think I had done something with these models that I had out there. But I can just get them of and put them on the cloud somewhere. In the end, everything in the repositories is on the cloud. So I can just put them into the caption generator, since that is where the models are needed in the end. They go to the cache on the server, but I need to put them into a location where they belong so that is where it goes. For the models, I can just remove them entirely. Those with the checkpoints are really not needed in any sense. I'm not even sure if I should do checkpointing at all. Maybe now even the model is saved twice. I would need to read through the whole code on how this goes. What in the end is the model. What can I just delete like this and will still work as a generator. 

I do not get this. Why is she always late. I guess I'm just bad. I'm doing bad in life. I cannot live this live like they can. I cannot be that, just like that. I do not know how to get there. Get the coolest job or something. Maybe even better stuff. Just create the best of the best. Create something better. Work on the coolest product out there. Just do the most amazing stuff that was ever in the earth. Just make the research that does research. Do everything that you ever wanted to do. Do something that amazing that you all be amazed. 

How to get there. How to get to these level dreams. I think Eva was underway. See was doing quite cool things. But the locations need to be better even. All things need to be better. She does the singing, but it is too extreme. There need to be a more restfull place, or not. Just not too overwelming. 

I should just focus on myself. But I have to know what the other people are doing. I really need to choose that which I find the best. But I always am very not so confident. How to get to these places. I always play down low. I just have to finish this project and then I'm done, having it all finished within two years. How many people do this. Is that even done by anyone. There are some people who go crazy like this. 

I just want to continue here on the uni. Might be just a lot better to go to utrecht. Have everything that was bad far away. Start a new line. Just try to work thing out a lot better. Start clean and do things right that time. Just work on the hobbies, but do everything amazing. I just want to start to blaze. I need to have everything done by tomorrow. I just have to finish this live within the minute. I just go crazy now in my mind. I cannot think like this. I don't want to go ramble like this. 

It is just that everything stresses me so much. Why is she so late. Why did all the things go bad. Now I'm traumatized again for many mothns, endlessly, years. Everything is just too bad. I cannot do things like this. It is just too stupid. I just don't want to any more. I cannot have sex. I cannot have them around. Just talk all the time like, it does not matter. Anything. Just be that stupid then. 

I cannot have sex if you are on my mind. I cannot have it, I just go crazy. I just do not want to any more, never. I cannot have you on my mind like that. Stop acting as if it is so super normal. Just give me the space to have sex. What the fuck is wrong with you. Get your sexual experience with other people. I do not care. I just don't want this crazy time. 

I cannot have you talk to me like this, still giving me these super hopeless experiences. Using me as some sort of sex doll. Just because I do dancing and all this things. I cannot do it. I am to afraid to have sex, because you are the one on my mind. I cannot do this. I just cannot have it. I just go crazy. Stuck, locked up in this stupid feeling world. 

So I can do the writing for my report. But I also need to do the generating of images. Then I can put those into the survey, though there is not really much time for this. And otherwise there will be not too many results. I could change the whole survey. But there will be too many changes. I need to keep track of all the money. I think up to now there is the right amount of money given to the participants. I just have to give plants to marcel and netty. That is all. Maybe do something for the famili. Give them also plants. 

But for the generation. I could make the interface also better. Like choose between the images. Or highlight the parts that are missing in the image. That would be cool. There would go some work into this. That would be nice though. Then I have some trained models that are working. Then there is still some interest in the projects. But there will not be many participants. I need to put the work out there again. Ask the people from pinterest or something. That would be nice. 

I might just first start out with the generation, though there are already some scripts going. I better just first have the script working for what it must do. 

So I need to get the models and make them do things. So I need the distribution of images that I did not use yet. But that is just those that are out of bounds on this ratio. They have a broader ratio then similar height widths. So then I could do that. Just create all these scripts. I guess I could make something again that you put in the arguments which model you use. Which question. Then that, have the questions.js in there. You can select them out of this file. Then the model as well. So that will already choose between the models that are on the system. 

Now I suppose I just have the script that are seperately for the llava and all models. I just have to do the captioning script. I could put them right in there, but that might not work. I just do not feel right with just dumping everything into one big repository, that get's really unorginised. 

I could spend some time with orginising, but that takes so much time. I cannot think about this. Then I need the practice as well and I will just find out that it is better to have everything here. I could just put it into folders. Though every script is just doing it's seperate task. But some are just the same scripts but then for different models. That could go into one folder. 

There is just so much data out there. There is the survey data. That splits up into highlights and two options. Then there are json files for this. There are so many files, because I have done all these trials, without keeping track about what was the better data. I did not even put it up there in the github. 

Then there is meta data for training the models. There is the filtered version that only captures all the images that there was data on for each model. 

There is also just data on every dataaset that I have ran the caption script for to output it into the interface. So that is just all these javascripts files. 

I think this testing script is just there in the diffusers repository. But this is only there on my desktop and on the server. But that is just not going to work then. I have no room, this is just the cloud so that will work if I download it. It is a very big repository. But then again, it will double and I'm in trouble for not working that out. 

I do have to get in a better habbit of just putting everything on the github. Then at least I never lose data. Some data is so much work to gather. Like the survey data is really important. That will never come back. Costs a lot of money and everything. This cannot just go to waste. It already was hard that there were some errors in this, that the data got lost. 

Also I should put the data from the survey into the interface. The hightlights. That looks nice. Then I can put this online. Have the highlights in there. Randomize the order. Getting the pictures there. This is just the renaissance that I have the 40 images for. This is just the same as now is in the interface. Just as I select then the questions for the survey, I can have the highlight data in there. But also they should be truncated upto some max length, since otherwise it is not the real data. 

I can just put it into another subdataset. That works much better. That is just survey results. Maybe just a completely different repository. Although it is kind of nice that it is there together with other data, since that will then be easily comparible. 

These are questions that I never can figure out. There is just no truth about it. There is no better. There is just the time it takes. 

So how to make this. I need the questions to be there. They need to be in the box, so the questions variable needs to change as you select that dataset. Then the highlights must be in there. That can just be put into it, just like that. It is not that hard. I can handly do the work of getting the highlights as 'the' or double highlights, rework that. I can just do this by hand. That will work out somehow. 

Then I can put the number of votes on these as well. Maybe somehow tell if there was highlight data or not. Put it to green as there was nothing selected. And have it white if there was never any response from the participants on that particular model questions image combination. 

All these things just get too complicated. I tried to do everything in one go. This is never going to work. I just lose track of the orginisation. So I do everything, the two options, but also the highlights. Then I subtract all the highlight information from the data. Then I rework that into a new format. Then I try to output this to three different files. Lose track of all the different data files. Suddenly the story is nl. Where does this come from. That is the country. This must not even be there. I cannot get this. It is just too compicated. What is happening above. There are so many things happening. I might as well just get some coffee. 

So you got all the data being captured there above. That contains the model, image and question data. It only gets the field when it contains highlight and jpg. So that must not be the country. Then I need to get more out of this. There is the other data. There is some data there. So this data is like there. Something. There must be the filtering of the fields. And then somehow this value of the country field is been put into the story variable. How can I check where this happens. Where is this story set. This was not there before. 

It was done with my last changes. So this put's everything in a different format. I just use the same variable again. It used to be in value or something. It must be somewhere out there. There are things happening. So what is happening. I cannot find out. I need to check but there is so much going on in this mind. I cannot get to that answer. So there is the story. It has been changed. It is put into the data. Then this data is to general so that mixes up all the data. But I just did not use any other names for my new file system. Or is it. I just put the json that was empty. Filled that up with all the new data. Though it did not get the story good. 

So now this interface will not really look nice with these questions, since you only have like one result for all. Or just a few, which can be nice. Though that it does not have any results, so it will print the images. Then it must only use those images where there are results. Then I can leave them out. But I have to put in this condition. That would be nice I suppose. But also I can just go for displaying everything. But then you cannot select the questions which is kind of not very nice. I can just go for the solution of filtering the images on whether there are answers for the models. Also just display the model bracket whether there is data on this. Then I can do this. But that makes it all more complicated. I got the data now. I can put that into the html so it selects this. There is the select in the interface now so then I can just put that into the script and have the right file read in. 

So this shit is not working. It both does the whole concat with the other things in one go. So when there is like no data at all then it must not show the image at all. So then you need to check that first. Maybe somehow just make a function that check this at all times. Then just loop though the models. Then loop through the questions. Skip it when there is no entry. Just loop though the image data when there is none, do not display it. 

So now I have to check if all the results are good. That might be better doable on my own desktop. I want to read that book. I do not know what to do right now. I need to orginise all the things. But they might be just in the right location. But sure, I still need to have the survey results online. I need to put this repository online anyway. 

So how do I do this. I cannot do this any more. I need to do more. There is just not enough work that I do right now. I could walk up to the city and go eat there, but I just need food. Just buy everything so I can make a nice meal and then have that done. Just buy everything. Clean everything. Throw away the garbage. Just work out all that is needed. Water the plants. Clean the cloths. Bring away that pants. I can go right now maybe. It might be very buissi in the store. There are so many people now walking in that store. I cannot do this. I just have to finish everything by tomorrow. But there need to be structure. 

I also need to know the further developments. How are the chatbots trained. What do the networks look like. What do they do. How can I train one myself. Why are they the best. How to find all of this out. That was just stated on this website. I believe it was something like the hugging face website. I do not even have all the water swimming stuff with me. 

So still things need to be orginised. I can also get into the habbit of doing this. Just small bits of it. Put it into github anyway. Just move things around. Give them better names. Then I would have to rework all the files where they are used. It is just too much time. There is nothing better to do. The end of the project is almost near. I can work on the animation that shows how the diffusion process is done, but then in three dimensions. Then some woodcutter that does this in some other dimension. I can also just compute the three dimensional sculter that creates some kind of artwork from a rock. I do need to look somewhere online to get these kind of results. But everything is just too boring. It is very nice when I have the results. But the habbits are not there. There were never any good habbits. There is only rambling about things to do. There is never the constructive behavior of putting myself out there. Though there are lots of these examples. I do not know why I say these things. Just to get the reaction that things are much better then I think. I just like to have done things better. More stuff that is done. All the creations to be special. Creative. Something new, what the people like. They like to go amazing and all that stuff. 

But everything is daunting. Horrific even. Maybe not. I do not really like these awful times. Not all the hard times. I cannot have that. I need to have alright times. I just want to have these sexy times, but that gets all traumatic and bad. No good times. There is no use in waiting for better times. There is just this bad behavior thing about it. There is no consent. There is the people that want things from me, or they want to say that it is bad. I do not know what is going on. They want to look better and good, that they can teach me. So they will remain as they were. They have the bond to protect at all times. That keeps me from doing things. I cannot do that which I like, maybe. 

How to keep doing all that is creative. Then I need to take that frog. Then turn it into three dimensional. Get the levels over time for each seperate color. Or just take the black and white proportion. Just get the images that are looking better. But then I need to have another dataset. I cannot do this which is something nice. I need some other dataset. Something that shows a better example. A frog is wrong. In everyway. There is nothing about it that is good. I cannot do this. This random rambling is not helping. I need to have things orginised. 

So I can find images. I need the dataset. Then I can do this. So I need a good example image. I guess the frog works. Though I need the exact workings for this image. Maybe I can do this without batching. Then I can just select an image and go for that. It is just about applying this algorithm. Then I need to figure out what the functions are. Apply them to the image that I like. Write all the values to a file. Then read this file in blender, to create all blocks at a certain location with a certain hight. I can color them black and white according to height. 

I'm not sure how to read from a file in blender. I can just use python I suppose. Then make it a csv file. Or just an image and loop through the dimensions. Then create the heights. And have the noise there. Use cosine schedule. Then go back and forth. Just make an movie. If I could make a short movie that I can simply just go back and forth in. Then have the hand thingy as an example. Maybe this all gets too complex. How long is the presentation even. Why even translate it into three dimensional. Is that making it more clear. 

I think people do not really get what random noise is. But making it to three dimensions is not going to make this clear. 

So what do I still need to do for the project. Just make a waste of it. There is no use in it. There can only be the one project artist at all times. I cannot do this. There is people that are waiting in line to make the artworks. You cannot sell this. You have to be good at it. There is no people that are interested. You need to make better art. You cannot do this at all times. We are the artist. You are the people who will take the art away. Why are people so hopeless and meaningless. There is no meaning in creating art with a computer. Computers are meant to do other things. Like computing things. We are too stupid. The people cannot have any good talks. 

I need to have a word with the better people. Finding opertnities. I cannot get this out of my mouth. There are things that are difficult. But no of which will hold me back into creating that what I want. How to get at the locations. They cannot think like I do. They have a mind of their own thinking down different pathways. Creating with a pen and pencil, printing, designing. Programming. That is not a part of it. That is rule based. That is making art by the rules. That is not like the ways that are meant to be. We artist decide what the boundaries are of art. All art that will never get there. You cannot create are without creating it. There is no use in it. People will never do any good, because it is all to get at that location where you want to be. How to get that spot. Where is it. Will it ever last. 

How to get that doings that will never fade. What can I do anyway. I see upstructions. I can make the animation for now. Just make the images along the pathway. Then get the values. Get the script that does the job. Make it not work for

I suppose I can just run this through with a normal image. Just get the code. I got to have that on this computer. Make a new repo. Then cast the image to black and white. There must be only one channel. But then it is not that nice. 